feat: rewrite all observability docs (#847)
kumahq/kuma-website: docs/docs/dev/policies/traffic-metrics.md

You can pass the `filter` query parameter to limit the results to metrics whose names match a given regular expression.
By default all available metrics are returned.

## Expose metrics from applications
 
In addition to exposing metrics from the data plane proxies, you might want to expose metrics from applications running next to the proxies. Kuma allows scraping Prometheus metrics from the applications endpoint running in the same `Pod` or `VM`.
Later those metrics are aggregated and exposed at the same `port/path` as data plane proxy metrics.
It is possible to configure it at the `Mesh` level, for all the applications in the `Mesh`, or just for specific applications.

Here are reasons where you'd want to use this feature:

> - Application metrics are labelled with your mesh parameters (tags, mesh, dataplane name...), this means that in mixed Universal and k8s mode metrics are reported with the same types of labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Application metrics are labelled with your mesh parameters (tags, mesh, data plane's name...), this means that in mixed Universal and k8s mode metrics are reported with the same types of labels.
```

- Both application and sidecar metrics are scraped at the same time. This makes sure they are coherent (with 2 different scrapers they can end up scraping at different intervals and make metrics harder to correlate).
- If you disable [passthrough](../policies/mesh.md#controlling-the-passthrough-mode) and your mesh uses mTLS but Prometheus is outside the mesh (`skipMTLS: true`) this will be the only way to retrieve these metrics as the application is completely hidden behind the sidecar. 

::: warning

> Any configuration change requires redeployment of the dataplane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any configuration change requires redeployment of the data plane.
```

:::

:::: tabs :options="{ useUrlFragment: false }"
::: tab "Kubernetes"
```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: Mesh
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  metrics:
    enabledBackend: prometheus-1
    backends:
    - name: prometheus-1
      type: prometheus
      conf:
        skipMTLS: false
        port: 5670
        path: /metrics

>         tags: # tags that can be referred in Traffic Permission when metrics are secured by mTLS 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        tags: # tags that can be referred in TrafficPermission when metrics are secured by mTLS 
```

          kuma.io/service: dataplane-metrics
        aggregate:
          - name: my-service # name of the metric, required to later disable/override at dataplane configuration
            path: "/metrics/prometheus"
            port: 8888
          - name: other-sidecar
            # default path is going to be used, default: /metrics
            port: 8000
```
:::
::: tab "Universal"
```yaml
type: Mesh
name: default
metrics:
  enabledBackend: prometheus-1
  backends:
  - name: prometheus-1
    type: prometheus
    conf:
      port: 5670
      path: /metrics
      skipMTLS: true # by default mTLS metrics are also protected by mTLS. Scraping metrics with mTLS without transparent proxy is not supported at the moment.
      aggregate:

>       - name: my-service # name of the metric, required to later disable/override at dataplane configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - name: my-service # name of the metric, required to later disable/override at data plane configuration
```

        path: "/metrics/prometheus"
        port: 8888
      - name: other-sidecar
        # default path is going to be used, default: /metrics
        port: 8000
```
:::
::::

> This configuration will cause every application in the `Mesh` to be scrapped for metrics by the Kuma dataplane. If you need to expose metrics only for the specific application it is possible through `annotation` for Kubernetes or `Dataplane` configuration for Universal deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration will cause every application in the `Mesh` to be scrapped for metrics by the Kuma data plane. If you need to expose metrics only for the specific application it is possible through `annotation` for Kubernetes or `Dataplane` configuration for Universal deployment.
```

:::
::::

## Secure data plane proxy metrics

> Kuma lets you expose proxy metrics in a secure way by leveraging mTLS. Prometheus needs to be a part of the mesh for this feature to work, which is the default deployment mode on kubernetes when using [`kumactl install observability`](../explore/observability.md#demo-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kuma lets you expose proxy metrics in a secure way by leveraging mTLS. Prometheus needs to be a part of the mesh for this feature to work, which is the default deployment mode on Kubernetes when using [`kumactl install observability`](../explore/observability.md#demo-setup).
```

   - match:
      kuma.io/service: "prometheus-server_mesh-observability_svc_80"
```
:::
::: tab "Universal"
Make sure that mTLS is enabled in the mesh.
```yaml
type: Mesh
name: default
spec:
  mtls:
    enabledBackend: ca-1
    backends:
    - name: ca-1
      type: builtin
  metrics:
    enabledBackend: prometheus-1
    backends:
    - name: prometheus-1
      type: prometheus
      conf:
        port: 5670
        path: /metrics
        skipMTLS: false

>         tags: # tags that can be referred in Traffic Permission  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        tags: # tags that can be referred in TrafficPermission  
```
